I would like to send the message out to
the Labor Party. You guys won an
election one year ago. You've got 4
years until the next election. If you do
not deal with this rapidly growing
inequality of wealth, the economy will
collapse and you guys will get
absolutely smashed at the next election.
But more importantly than that, this
country will collapse into desperate,
desperate poverty. I don't want that to
happen and I'm hoping that you don't
want that to happen. If there's one
single MP out there in Labor that
doesn't want the country to collapse,
get in touch. Because the truth of the
matter is, if Labor doesn't deal with
this, which it looks like they won't,
the economy will get worse and worse and
worse and worse. Labor will get more and
more and more and more unpopular. Star
will get more and more unpopular. Reeves
will get more and more unpopular. They
will end up in a position where they
will probably be forced to do a massive
rebrand and probably change leadership
before the next election. Whoever is in
charge of the Labor Party going to the
next election,
if we do not have an offer on the table
that is serious about reducing
inequality, then it will be fraud. It
will be reform. And I worry about what
that means. And for whatever you or I
might think, uh, because of the
political system we have in this
country, I don't see any realistic way
of fixing the economy without going
through labor. And that doesn't mean I
won't talk to the Greens or anyone else
who who or the Liberal Democrats or or
even conservatives or reform. But I
think our best chance is to try to get
Labor to not be so aggressively. So I'm
here if you want to talk to me.